Min-Hsueh Chiu: Okay? So then demonstrate how I will use poker out.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So there's 2 type of user. One is general user. And I put some of learning instruction on remit
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and another one will be developer. There's also instruction for this.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: And so
Min-Hsueh Chiu: here I just demonstrate how general User can use.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So as you can see, here's my local command line, and this is the corresponding fold post folder.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Right? This is a download poker out. So what I need to do is just follow
Min-Hsueh Chiu: follow the instruction. So let me just do it right now.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So 1st of all, let us. Create a
Min-Hsueh Chiu: virtual environment, which is a good practice.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and then I will install. Broker. All
Min-Hsueh Chiu: okay, cool. So right. Now let me generate the execution file.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So, as you can see.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: there's an empty file here.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and
Min-Hsueh Chiu: but I need to do
Min-Hsueh Chiu: is to copy
Min-Hsueh Chiu: the following execution, file here
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and save
Min-Hsueh Chiu: okay?
Min-Hsueh Chiu: And the other one will be
Min-Hsueh Chiu: generate config file.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Similarly.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: copy
Min-Hsueh Chiu: to config camera file.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Okay, so
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and comment
Min-Hsueh Chiu: this one. So this will have no novelty. Generate
Min-Hsueh Chiu: here.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Okay? And
Min-Hsueh Chiu: finally
Min-Hsueh Chiu: execute it.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So this might take a bit longer for the 1st time running.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: But I think it will be
Min-Hsueh Chiu: person.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Okay.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: here we go.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: so as you can see
Min-Hsueh Chiu: that here's the border.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Let me see
Min-Hsueh Chiu: soon.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Okay, here's the board, and here's the allowable
Min-Hsueh Chiu: execute
Min-Hsueh Chiu: action. So let me execute
Min-Hsueh Chiu: raw speed.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and the corresponding
Min-Hsueh Chiu: action
Min-Hsueh Chiu: will be performed
Min-Hsueh Chiu: all the way to your next move.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Right? So this is the basic use case.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Okay, so how about we are going to generate an inject novelty.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So let me open up our configuration.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So before that, there's some
Min-Hsueh Chiu: There are some customized parameter. So, for example, this visualize debug mode
Min-Hsueh Chiu: that I can see
Min-Hsueh Chiu: every player's card
Min-Hsueh Chiu: okay.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and
Min-Hsueh Chiu: the other parameter here
Min-Hsueh Chiu: is allowing you
Min-Hsueh Chiu: to face forward
Min-Hsueh Chiu: to your next move.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So you don't need to wait for other
Min-Hsueh Chiu: to take action.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Okay.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: so
Min-Hsueh Chiu: this one will be the original
Min-Hsueh Chiu: environment. So let me choose one of the environments. Let me
Min-Hsueh Chiu: uncommon
Min-Hsueh Chiu: this one.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Okay? So right now, supposedly. I will generate card distribution color, this novelty.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So I think you are able to
Min-Hsueh Chiu: to find out what novelty it is.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Right?
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So, as you can see
Min-Hsueh Chiu: that it is all black color card.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So that is how I will.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: I would I would use
Min-Hsueh Chiu: this.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: yeah, this is how I will use the poke around.